/root/git/TheyKilledNotepad/Writing/Emergency-notes.txt

These are energency notes. This will be helpfull for anyone recearching dicrrimination.

"I need that out of my sight. I'm armed ya know"

"We are Mrs.Lineheart, Mr.Fontana, and Mrs.H"
BAD MOVE *****! NOW I KNOW ALL YOUR NAMES!!!! **YOUR REAL NAMES!**

Mr. Fontana appears as a ad person but he is really friendly. The real meanies are the ones running
the place. Mr. Fontana dosn't want to be the bad guy, I can tell. He is mearly a single peice
in the big game, being controlled agenst his will. He is a good guy. He is doing these bad things
agenst his will. This applies to most teachers. Some of them are true evil masterminds but not this guy.

Mrs. Lineheart is the instructionall coach. she nither instructs people nor coaches them. She
is a little more higher up in the teacher hirarky and cannot have enotions however unlike
some other "seccond" teachers I allow her the "golden" benifet of the doubt. 

The final teacher, I don't know the exact name but it is a combonation of "heather" and "plutarch" (phonetically speaking)
She is "armed" at all times. Dude thats illigal so don't even pretend.

No benifit of the doubt for you my dear friend or lack there of. She single handidly blocked github (temperarily)
I LITERLY USE THAT FOR MY CS CLASS! YOU CAN'T BLOCK IT!

People like her is how theries such as but not limited to, lack of freedom of expression (for people under 21), ad****** (See wikapedia)
and "adults lack empathy". I would go into Athoritarianism, but I'm trying to stay on topic... 

Anyway, Here is what we know.

Her name is Mrs.Heather-Plutarch
She pretended to be armed.
She wasn't.
She was discriminating agenst us becasue we were useing Alpine Linux.
I was doing a git commit at the time.
My chromebook was at low brightness so she had to really get a good look at it to see what was going on.
She did a double-take before approaching me.
She was discriminating agenst either ehat she saw on the screen or the screen itself.
All of this would be completely leagal under an athoritarian government.
She was the only teacher in the area and she didn't ask anyone elses opinion, let alone a minor's so techically it IS an athoritarian government.

That last one is giveing me scramble for africa vibes...

"Athoritarian" will be shortaned to "monothian" from now on and "ad******" will be cencored so that they don't hunt me down.

They're teachers, of course they are going to hunt me down!

At least I'm having fun with D'Winter

"Mabee you don't deserve to go to school"
Sounds good to me Stalin. I already know 3/4ths of everything we are learning this year. 
Out of ALL OF MIDDLE SCHOOL I LEARNED NOTHING BECASUE IT WAS ALL REVIEW!!
IM WRITING AN ESSAY IN TEX LIVE ABOUT DISCRIMINATION AS WE SPEAK.
DONT YOU TEST ME THOUGH
JUST BECASUE I PLAY THE PIANO
DOSN'T MEAN I AM NOT WILLING TO TAKE YA DOWN!
[not today - twenty one piolets]

Mabee I should revisit that discrimination essay.
No,
Re write it is what I need to do
Especially with them talking behind my back
Teachers am I rite?
Always causing problems...
If I publish it does that make me a wistle-blower?
uhhh
Yes. Yes it does.
And thats a risk I'm willing to take
